<<<<<<< Updated upstream
Q5 - Modify existing tests to run on a real device. What should be changed?
A - You should change "deviceName" capability from emulator name to real device name.
 capabilities.setCapability("deviceName", "emulator-5554") =>
 capabilities.setCapability("deviceName", "13710040515") in my case.

Q6 - Connect a real device to Appium (describe required actions) and run tests.
    Are there any difference with run on emulator?
A - You need to find at least one working device with acceptable Android version in the shoebox with old phones.
    Then find a charger. Remember that this device has some charging problems.
    Resolder charging port. Enable Developer options. Connect device.
    Find that real device is at least 4 secs slower when running simplest Contact Manager tests
    21-41s vs 17-21s on virtual one, and often crushes cause of corrupted memory issues.
    (This time you remember that it was the real reason it went to a shoebox).
    Chrome fails to start on Android 4.4.4 Tegra device ((( It crushes on each call (((
    All Google services periodically crushes. It's consequence of custom ROM installed. (((

    If I set "browserName" capability to "Browser" - Appium fails to communicate with real device,
    no matter what driver version I use for starting appium server.
    And after a few hours - I've ended with device in bootloop.

    UPD: Managed to return device back to life:
    Testing Contact Manager app on virtual vs real device - uncovers locale issues, when using selections
    based on element's text.
    Final test runs with app much faster on real device than on emulated one.

    Still no luck with site tests on real device:
    Passing capability "chromedriverExecutable" did not help.
    Chrome is started. But appium returns error.

    Error "Chrome version must be >= 30.0.1573.2"
        using chromedriver 2.7 (Supports Chrome v30-33)

    Error "Unable to automate Chrome version because it is too old for this version of Chromedriver.
    Chrome version on the device: Chrome/33.0.0.0
        using chromedriver 2.8 - 2.10 (Supports Chrome v33-36) and higher versions.

    I'll try to get newer device - or try with mobile farm.
=======
Q - Change settings to run web test on a certain iOS device in mobile cloud.
    Run test with your changes. Did test pass?
A - Yes.

Q - Change settings to run native test on a certain/random Android device in mobile cloud.
    Add support of appPackage and appActivity parameters for Android devices
    (reading from a .properties file and then setting in the DesiredCapabilities).
    Locally installed Appium DT has no need in these parameters, but for Appium server of EPAM mobile cloud it’s mandatory.
    Run test with your changes. Did test pass?
A - No

Q - Try to use autoLaunch capability with app as before instead of appPackage and appActivity. Does this approach work?
A - No, btw it is true by default (by Appium documentation)

Q - What’s wrong with our code? How to fix/improve it? Implement your suggestions.
A - As written on EPAM Mobile Cloud site:
    "Because your Appium tests and Mobile Cloud are distributed, Desired Capability "app" is ignored at this moment."
     and "before running Appium test, please install application under test using REST API and then ..."
     Our code does not handle installation of app via EPAM Mobile Cloud REST API.
     To fix it, we need to study info on REAST API for integration with EPAM Mobile Cloud and
     implement installation of app via REST API.
     Or wait for "In future releases we are going to support "app" Desired Capability". )))


ljg 2
As by - "Once driver.quit() were called, session will be terminated and device released"
ur.. don't call driver.quit()? Added ondemad properties parameter to wait before driver close
>>>>>>> Stashed changes
